hey everybody I'm kosher sushi looking
back to let's play the legend of zelda
ocarina of time you may be wondering why
I'm back here whoa I thought I was weird
anyways if you go back here you see chic
you destroyed the wicked creatures that
haunted the temple and awaken the sage
but there are still other sages who need
your help in order to awaken all the
other sages you must become even more
powerful that's right we must hit
puberty even higher honestly I don't
know that means and even through time
hmm if you want to return to your
original time return the master sword to
the pedestal of time alright so let's go
ahead and do that because we are going
to want to do that because this episode
is going to be mainly collectathon
switch is going to suck balls this the
time will come when you will have to
return here quickly i will teach this to
you for when that time comes the song to
return you to the temple of time this is
very important here the song she's about
to teach you is very important so you're
going to want this a lot or you're going
to want a gun here as soon as you can
doo doo doo doo doo
do-do-do-do-do-do Oh while I'm here um I
don't know if you're watching this you
probably am though because you've been
saying this a lot that you can saying
this your favorite they'll be a lot but
beretta man two hundred if you can get
Fusion media to do a review of ocarina
of time because that'd be interesting to
watch the pollute of lights alright so
with that in our hands we can teleport
to the temple of time any moment and
return the master sword to turn back to
a child any moment we won't want any
moment we need to and then chic will
become a ninja and disappear again a
Deku nut I guess I don't know I swear
she is probably the most epic person you
could ever see besides the tight clothes
but anyways reverse puberty power go no
I wasn't referencing anything that was
an accident if I did reference anything
anyways um now that we're back is a
child we're gonna have to take care of a
few things we can do here first thing is
going to a Kakariko graveyard and yes I
did speed this up and plant a magic bean
over to this part of the graveyard so go
ahead and do that come on and there we
go next place is Kakariko village or not
Kakariko kiri village in the Lost Woods
go right then go left then go right then
go left and then go left again and go
ahead and plant a beaner I'll kill you
first go ahead plant a being here at wow
we're cutting okay whatever next next
as an adult link which basically you
just have to pull the master short again
go back here use this this has to be
night time to do this so remember that
take the skull school Skulltula and take
out that gold scoop to lug sure why not
I'm back in Kakariko village go ahead
and go back into the crate crate crave
crave yard graveyard and take this up
and break this box come on bricks box
and get your heart piece and then now we
have 12 heart so that's awesome anyways
in here is the is the bow and arrow
shooting gallery this was similar to the
one in and the one in hyrule castle with
a slingshot which took forever so I just
cut this out until I got this by the way
this is typically 15 tries on dead
serious so I lost a lot of money on that
I'll just cut out here until I made it
so this is where I made it of course is
where I was able to do it um this
actually is pretty difficult until
you're used to it then you're okay and
died there we go and now you get a
quiver big quiver yay more arrows 14
total
um next we're gonna go back into Lake
highly I hear you're going to want to
get this scarecrow song really fast
which was the song you played in front
of scarecrow back when you were a child
when we first visited here so go ahead
and play that for him I I forget which
one it is not think I did cut it out but
I don't think I did this is gonna take a
few tries excuse me just look at the
montage of failures I have until I am
able to get it let's try it okay
whatever once you figure out your years
I've known you why I cut there but once
you figure that out basically this is
what's going to happen once you get over
here while the I dropped a lot of frames
no idea why that happened go ahead play
the play the Scarecrow song right here
why is it dropping a ton of frames I
don't get it go ahead play the Scarecrow
song right about here I think I just did
this wrong hold on give me a minute here
there we go this is this is my scarecrow
song you can do whatever you want um and
there we go so that makes it so PL is
right there together the Scarecrow is
there i'm such a nerd and go i'd get
this till tula and there you go now then
up here on the second floor you're going
to want to go inside here now I go what
what you want to do is go over to the
right over here and go on to this little
ledge now you have to do it this way
there is no other way I recommend using
Ferraris wind if you can in case you
mess up or anything so so you won't have
to you know go back to the entrance of
the temple or anything but you have to
go this way so go through the store stay
away from
that fire thing go through this door
apparently we're locked just go ahead
and get kill these Casey's who called
died and you burned me so I will burn
you oh I don't have fire arrow never
mind this isn't final fantasy with fire
arrows actually wait final fantasy have
someone go tell me that any final
fantasy nerds out there please tell me
if I'm correct because I don't play that
much final fantasy anyways go ahead and
press on this switch and with that we
will get our last Skulltula in this
collectathon Wow only six minutes or
almost seven minutes in this shouldn't
be too bad and now you noticed i use
priorities win there i have no idea why
that's there but I don't really care
know what you want to do is jump off at
the right time and right there good job
oh god that was Terry go up these stairs
and go inside this little incline right
here and kill this gold school Tula I
should probably use my hook shot but
whatever this is post commentated by the
way all this is not live this one right
most Mike work usually is live but
anyways get that gold school too late
and I will see you guys tomorrow so you
guys